Update behavior of status cards w.r.t filtering. #322 (#323)
turbot/powerpipe: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.1.4 [TBD]
_Whats new_
- Support installing private mods using a github app token. ([#381](https://github.com/turbot/pipe-fittings/issues/381)).
- Improve layout of filter and grouping components for control tags and dimensions. ([#263](https://github.com/turbot/powerpipe/issues/263))
- Remove `dashboard input list` and `dashboard input show` commands.
- Add thousands separator to numeric values in dashboard tables. ([#315](https://github.com/turbot/powerpipe/issues/315))

> - Update behavior of status cards on dashboard panel. ([#322](https://github.com/turbot/powerpipe/issues/322))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only show benchmark cards for statuses that are contained in the current filter and add status to filter on card click. ([#322](https://github.com/turbot/powerpipe/issues/322))
```
